<style>
.note-block {
    background-color: #1e3a5f;
    border-left: 6px solid #3399ff;
    padding: 10px;
    margin: 20px 0;
    color: #eeeeee;
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
}
.note-block p {
    margin: 0;
}
.note-block strong {
    color: #66b2ff;
}
</style>

<h2 style="font-size:14px">  Monitoring Performance </h2>

Displays the median validation delay (white line <span style="color:#eeeeee">━</span>), the inter-quartile range (gray area <span style="color:#505765">▮</span>), and the count of unvalidated report accumulated in the EntoLab queue (blue line <span style="color:#8080ff">━</span>) on a logarithmic y-scale. The validation delay measures the time required for a report to be validated after being uploaded to the system. Ideally, a well-performing system should process all incoming reports daily, with a deviation of at most two weeks, to ensure effective near real-time surveillance and high user engagement.

Note that this statistic is unreliable for the near past (~1 year) since unvalidated reports are not included by definition. For example, if a report is uploaded and remains in the validation queue for six months, it will not contribute to the current validation delay. Once validated, the median validation delay will increase. If such a delayed report is never validated, the validation delay will artificially remain low, as it is not affected by the outlier report. Unvalidated report accumulation negatively impacts the delay, as older, non-validated reports add to the overall system delay.

<div class="note-block">
    <p><strong> ⓘ Note: </strong> Depends on <i>Frequency</i> and <i>Entity</i>.</p>
</div>