<style>
.note-block {
    background-color: #1e3a5f;
    border-left: 6px solid #3399ff;
    padding: 10px;
    margin: 20px 0;
    color: #eeeeee;
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
}
.note-block p {
    margin: 0;
}
.note-block strong {
    color: #66b2ff;
}
</style>

<h2 style="font-size:14px">  User Participation </h2>

Displays the relative amount of **New Users** subscribing to the MA application within a given time window with at last one report uploaded. Users that installed the app but never submitted any type of report are not considered. The absolute count of new users for each period is normalized by the global maximum, making the peak subscription rate always equal to 100% and providing a consistent reference across the entire time series.

**Active Users** are those who have made at least one valid report upload within the last year. After a year of inactivity, it is assumed the user has uninstalled the application or become inactive. Active users represent only a fraction of new users, as the majority of MA users are one-time reporters.

**User Retention** is calculated as the percentage of users who upload a report within a specified interval (one year in this case) after their previous upload, analyzed across discrete time buckets defined by the *Frequency* parameter. This metric can be computed in relation to its geo-location *Entity*. For example, consider a monthly time bucket: if there were 100 active users (AU) at the start of the month who had uploaded at least one report, and 80 of these users (RU) uploaded another report within the one-year retention interval, the user retention rate for that time bucket would be:
$$\text{User Retention} = \left( \frac{\text{RU}}{\text{AU}} \right) \times 100 = 80\%$$
The time reference for new and active users is their registration time, while for user retention, it's the time of report upload within each time bucket. This approach allows for analysis of retention patterns across different fixed time periods.


<div class="note-block">
    <p><strong> ⓘ Note: </strong> <b>New/Active Users</b> diagrams depend on <i>Frequency</i> and <i>Entity</i>.</p>
</div>